## Introduction
Over my time working towards a BSc in Mathematics, I've found a particular interest in statistics and machine learning. My eventual goal is to work in machine learning research in some form, and so I thought that it would be best to practice concepts to show potential schools/employers that I have worked on concepts outside of the classroom. It just so happens that it also gives me a chance to create little research projects on things I'm also passionate about, one of those being Pokemon.
## Concepts Findable
In this repository, you will eventually find machine learning and statistical models related to concepts I've learned in my degree program so far. This currently means that I have the following models:
- Decision Tree Classifier: uses type as the target, with numerical features of numbers of move efficacy against a particular pokemon. This model is set up to iteratively pick the strongest pokemon of a particular type, and then it removes that type from the pool and retrains the model. The reason for this was for no particular reason other than to give a specific restraint that each pokemon in a party would be the strongest within different types, rather than having a party of all the same type (eventually I will test if that would matter, or if removing the strongest pokemon per iteration does similar classification).
## Conclusion
If you happen to stumble upon this repository and have suggestions, or potential questions that might be interesting to look at, feel free to let me know and I will take it into consideration as a way of learning, and honing skills related to becoming a better programmer/researcher. Thanks.
